# Techstorm-Energy-Eficient-Building-Design
According to the '2020 GLOBAL STATUS REPORT FOR BUILDINGS AND CONSTRUCTION', in global share of buildings and construction final energy and emissions, 2019, residential buildings occupy 22% in energy consumption and 17% in emission. It has a very huge impact on climate change. How we can manage and control it well is very important.
reference: https://wedocs.unep.org/bitstream/handle/20.500.11822/34572/GSR_ES.pdf

Buildings energy consumption is put away around 40% of total energy use. Predicting heating and cooling loads of a building in the initial phase of the design to find out optimal solutions amongst different designs is very important, as well as in the operating phase after the building has been finished for efficient energy. In this Notebook, different models were applied for predicting heating and cooling loads of a building based on a dataset for building energy performance. The model was trained and validated on 33% of the data set, and the accuracy for the prediction test was 99.9% and 99.6% respectively.
The investigation of the energy efficiency performance of a building using machine learning algorithms to predict heating and cooling loads can potentially provide a solution for the energy crisis caused by excessive energy consumption in buildings. Buildings consume a significant amount of energy worldwide, and a large portion of this energy is used for heating and cooling purposes. By accurately predicting the heating and cooling loads of a building, building owners and energy managers can optimize the energy consumption of a building, reduce energy waste, and ultimately help to mitigate the energy crisis.
